Added Vercel.com to Web Hosting (#1636)
ripienaar/free-for-dev: README.md

  * [surge.sh](https://surge.sh/) — Static web publishing for Front-End developers. Unlimited sites with custom domain support
  * [tilda.cc](https://tilda.cc/) — One site, 50 pages, 50 MB storage, only the main pre-defined blocks among 170+ available, no fonts, no favicon and no custom domain
  * [txti.es](https://txti.es/) — Quickly create web pages with markdown.

>   * [Vercel (Zeit)](https://vercel.com) — Build, deploy, host apps directly from GitHub repository

Reviewer: It's already listed under PaaS

>   * [Vercel (Zeit)](https://vercel.com) — Build, deploy, host apps directly from GitHub repository

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * [Vercel](https://vercel.com) — Build and deploy web apps with `git push`, perfect for Next.js
```
